efi/README.md, before:

# FYSOS
### [The FYSOS Operating System](http://www.fysnet.net/fysos.htm)

The included files are the boot process for the FYSOS Operating System for a UEFI system.

This loader will find the files specified (see system_files[]), and load them to the locations specified
 within their respected headers.

For example, after making the kernel.sys file (currently not included here, but you may specify your own), use
 the following command line:
 
    makehdr kernel.sys /l0x00800000 /c1 /e /okernel0.sys /x /k
    
 This will add the correct header to the kernel.sys file so that the loader loads the file to the
 correct place, in this case, 0x00800000.
 
 See the makehdr.c file for more information on what the command line switches are.
 
Your kernel file must then have an origin of **0x00800400** and have the first instruction ready to be executed at
 that location.

- [ ] This code is a work in progress and is not complete and may be inaccurate.  Please use at your own risk
- [ ] Place the BOOT.efi file in the \efi\boot\BOOT.efi folder of a properly formated UEFI GUID partition.

These files are released as is:
- [X] Copyright (c) 1984-2018    Forever Young Software  Benjamin David Lunt
- [X] This code is freeware, not public domain.  Please use respectfully.

You may:
- [X] use this code for learning purposes only.
- [X] use this code in your own Operating System development.
- [X] distribute any code that you produce pertaining to this code
- [X] as long as it is for learning purposes only, not for profit, 
     and you give credit where credit is due.

You may NOT:
- [X] distribute this code for any purpose other than listed above.
- [X] distribute this code for profit.

You MUST:
- [X] include this whole comment block at the top of this file.
- [X] include contact information to where the original source is located.

#### https://github.com/fysnet/FYSOS

The C files are built with Alex's SmallerC
#### https://github.com/alexfru/SmallerC

You use these files at your own risk.

If you have any questions, please contact me at the email address shown at the top of:
#### http://www.fysnet.net/fysos.htm

Please note that there are other things I have forgotten to mention that you will need to take
 into consideration when using this code.  One thing is the 0x400 offset of the kernel file I use,
 though I don't think it matters here, but do check.  I will make note of things as I update the
 code and remember other things.

If you find any errors or have any questions, please feel free to send me an email at:
#### fys [at] fysnet [dot] net

For more information on how to write an Operating System, have a look at the following book series:
#### http://www.fysnet.net/osdesign_book_series.htm

Ben

Commit message:

notes about Ident Table size

efi/README.md, after:

# FYSOS
### [The FYSOS Operating System](http://www.fysnet.net/fysos.htm)

The included files are the boot process for the FYSOS Operating System for a UEFI system.

This loader will find the files specified (see system_files[]), and load them to the locations specified
 within their respected headers.

For example, after making the kernel.sys file (currently not included here, but you may specify your own), use
 the following command line:
 
    makehdr kernel.sys /l0x00800000 /c1 /e /okernel0.sys /x /k
    
 This will add the correct header to the kernel.sys file so that the loader loads the file to the
 correct place, in this case, 0x00800000.
 
 See the makehdr.c file for more information on what the command line switches are.
 
Your kernel file must then have an origin of **0x00800400** and have the first instruction ready to be executed at
 that location.

- [ ] This code is a work in progress and is not complete and may be inaccurate.  Please use at your own risk
- [ ] Place the BOOT.efi file in the \efi\boot\BOOT.efi folder of a properly formated UEFI GUID partition.

These files are released as is:
- [X] Copyright (c) 1984-2018    Forever Young Software  Benjamin David Lunt
- [X] This code is freeware, not public domain.  Please use respectfully.

You may:
- [X] use this code for learning purposes only.
- [X] use this code in your own Operating System development.
- [X] distribute any code that you produce pertaining to this code
- [X] as long as it is for learning purposes only, not for profit, 
     and you give credit where credit is due.

You may NOT:
- [X] distribute this code for any purpose other than listed above.
- [X] distribute this code for profit.

You MUST:
- [X] include this whole comment block at the top of this file.
- [X] include contact information to where the original source is located.

#### https://github.com/fysnet/FYSOS

The C files are built with Alex's SmallerC
#### https://github.com/alexfru/SmallerC
    The current version of SmallerC does not have a large enough Symbol Table to compile this
    EFI code.  However, if you compile SmallerC with itself using the following make line:
      smlrcc -Wall -win smlrc.c -o smlrcwbig.exe -DMAX_IDENT_TABLE_LEN=16384 -DSYNTAX_STACK_MAX=8192 -DMAX_CASES=257 -DSTACK_SIZE=256
    the new smlrcwbig.exe will then have enough room. (assuming you are using Windows as your host)

You use these files at your own risk.

If you have any questions, please contact me at the email address shown at the top of:
#### http://www.fysnet.net/fysos.htm

Please note that there are other things I have forgotten to mention that you will need to take
 into consideration when using this code.  One thing is the 0x400 offset of the kernel file I use,
 though I don't think it matters here, but do check.  I will make note of things as I update the
 code and remember other things.

If you find any errors or have any questions, please feel free to send me an email at:
#### fys [at] fysnet [dot] net

For more information on how to write an Operating System, have a look at the following book series:
#### http://www.fysnet.net/osdesign_book_series.htm

Ben
